add error wording to taskomatic tshooting (#359)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/tshoot-taskomatic.adoc

////

> If Taskomatic crashes, repository metadata regeneration can be prevented from happening regularly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Taskomatic crashes, repository metadata regeneration can be interrupted.
```
The other wording sounds strange to my foreign ears.  At first, I had doubt whether that's a good thing or not.  But this is just a proposal, feel free to ignore it!
